So next, we're going to walk you through some scenarios so
that you can see how you have mastered the content that has
been presented within this module.
So first of all,
we're going to look at Jane, and her company maintains
two different corporate datacenters,
and they want their datacenters to work directly
alongside AWS for specific workloads.
So in this case,
they probably have some data that's stored within their own datacenter,
but they want to have some public applications on AWS,
and they need to have those public applications to be able
to communicate with their datacenter.
And so she's wondering if there's any way to have a persistent connection to AWS
because she's worried about just sending everything out on the public internet
that that could potentially be slow, and ideally,
she'd like some of this communication to happen kind of behind the firewall.
So, what service from AWS would you recommend that her
company implement to meet these criteria?
Okay, next, we're going to talk about Tim,
and we've met Tim before in a previous course,
and his company is looking to serve content through their site to
users all around the globe. And they're looking to optimize their
performance to users around the world.
Now they want to leverage a content delivery network. Now
previously, we asked what element of the AWS global infrastructure
Tim would be leveraging, but in this case,
we're going to get even more specific and we're going to ask the
question, which service would enable optimized performance
globally for this company's content?
Okay, we've got one more scenario. Here, we're going to be looking at Ellen,
and her company has an internal application that runs
on an EC2 server. Now currently,
there is some downtime because demand is greater than capacity for the server.
So, for example,
the server could probably handle about 150 users without fail, but in
this case we have up to 200 simultaneous users.
So this is a problem.
So here, Ellen is trying to decide if she should use bigger servers, so
in essence changing the instance type, or more servers, so more servers
of the same kind that they already have.
So, which scaling approach, based on the ones that we've discussed,
would you recommend for Ellen's company? And then what services
should they use alongside that approach? So we'll cover these answers in the next clip.